hey guys is near hear from mr. geeks
naij.com today we bring you a quick
roundup of some of the hottest wearable
technology are there in the market
wearable technology has come a long way
since the calculator watches of the 80s
which we probably used to show off to
our classmates while you know school
years we are at a stage where variable
technology has been given a lot of
importance and trying to develop more
innovative and easy to use gadgets in
our daily wear items in this video we
try to bring you a pic roundup or some
of the hottest wearable technology of
the year 2014 number one on the list is
the most talked-about and obviously the
most controversial Google glass Google
glass displays information in the
hands-free format and makes information
visible right in front of your eye
Google glass is the type of variable
technology with an optical head-mounted
display which is developed by google the
glass user can control or communicate
with the device using voice commands the
display comes in a small LCD screen in
front of your eyes which can be
controlled both by voice and touch on
the frame making calls recording and
sharing what you see browsing the web
are a few things you can do with the
glass the next on the list is Java
office is a popular fitness tracker
vision keep track of your calories
burned physical activities as well as
you die and sleep routine first the up
system gets to know you and your routine
and then it shows you how to make simple
adjustments that over time helps you
achieve your fitness goals studies show
that simply tracking what you eat can
help you lose weight and that is just
what up would help you do keeping a
track of your foot has never been easier
than this more than any other activity
tracker the up system gives you an
in-depth picture of your sleep sleep
graphs let you see the good the bad and
the rapidly improving the up system is
almost like a coach that gets to know
you first and then guides you to make
simple decisions that lead to a more
active life with precise step tracking
workout logging and reports up is way
more than a pedometer the gear
smartwatch from Samsung is the next one
that we have on the list the gear 2 from
Samsung is an evolved sport watch the
best part of this gadget is the 1.6 3
inch screen with 320 x 320 pixel
resolution however the only con for the
Samsung gear 2 is that it is only
compatible with a few Samsung Galaxy
smartphones answering calls getting
notifications for email
and messages are a few of the functions
the watch can be used for the gear 2 has
a dual core 1 gigahertz processor a
major change from the predecessor
Samsung gear was the replacement of
Android with Samsung develop Tizen
operating system samsung gear had the
camera fitted into the watch band and
this was changed the gear to the camera
is fitted onto the watch itself now
allowing users to replace their own
bands finding the gluto swing that
converts your hand into a wireless
controller for your TV smart phones and
other devices is next fin is one on your
thumb as a ring and has a tiny optical
sensor that can detect movements
allowing you to send commands to connect
a device with a few swipes and taps of
your finger turning down the phone
volume by swiping your thumb down your
index finger or skipping the current
track by swiping your thumb across the
palm of your opposite hand or a couple
of gastric controls that you can use
with the spring this device can be
further develop and be very useful
especially for people with visual
impairments in addition it can also
distinguish between each segment of your
fingers and convert your palm into a
numerical keypad guesstures are
translated into commands for various
devices that are transmitted via
bluetooth 4.0 this potency of wristband
is one of the most useful and one of
them must have devices in these times of
high crime rates in these times of high
crime rates the spot and save wristband
is a blessing in disguise this is a
wristband that lets you alert friends
and family when you are in trouble
smartwatches may all be a ragin variable
technology but this wristband is one of
the most useful and must have devices
Trice at a very reasonable rate of just
$37 all you need to do is install the
spot and save app on your Android phone
choose up to 4 guardians and pair it
with the wristband via bluetooth it will
take some time to set this up but the
app is easy to use once you do that in
times of emergency you may not be able
to reach your smartphone fast enough
this band is for such situations to
activate the emergency alert you press a
button on the band twice and the app
would send an SMS every two minutes to
your Guardians with your location
mentioned the SMS the most popular and
must talk about ever see if you don't
care much about design and just look for
functionality the original pebble is a
better deal at for fifty dollars however
if you like a watch that looks good is
elegant and
as a durable design the pebble steel
does a fantastic job for an additional
one hundred dollars the pebble steel has
a long-lasting battery and a tough
stainless steel body it's a great buy
for people who would like a flashy watch
that does more than just tell time it
may not just replace the Casio fossil or
Kenneth Cole's but if you in the market
for a SmartWatch this is your best
option as of today the pebble steel is
the result of a realization that
smartwatches also would need to have an
appeal and a neat design the model 360
android-based mark was brought to you by
Motorola is the last one that we have
for you today the Moto 360 was announced
as a launch device for Android wear
which is an operating system that has
been designed specially for smartwatches
and other variables stepping away from
the rectangular design that smart
watches out in the market have moto 360
is based around the circular style of
classic watches it uses a circular
capacitive touch display as fit as a
steel casing and a removable wristband
the watch is water resistant and can
also be wirelessly charged the Moto 360
unlike the Samsung gear 2 SmartWatch is
expected to be compatible with devices
other than its own make it would be
compatible with Android 4.3 Android 4.4
and Android L phones and tablet that
take advantage of Bluetooth 4.0
technology so these were the most
October of wearable gadgets of the year
2014 and they have been arranged in
random order to decide the top five that
would be another video so stay tuned on
each cafe you can find a link to the
poor sap you put up on our website
mistaking sinaitic calm on the
information below please hit the like
button and also don't forget to
subscribe this is snail signing